In this demo I'm going to show you
how to install kubernetes using kubeadm.
When you will type in the URL that I shared with you
with the referral codes, you end up on a page like this.
This is the digitalocean.com website,
you can use this to deploy kubernetes
or if you're deploying on-prem
then you will have your own machines.
If you deploy on another cloud provider
you can create an account there or use an account there.
If you decide to use DigitalOcean,
use my URL from the previous lecture
to get this $10 coupon, then sign up here
and you will get a new DigitalOcean account
with $10 credit on it.
Once you create an account and once you log in,
you should see a screen like this.
I'm on the dashboard page and here
I already have two droplets running,
if it's a new account you probably
don't have any droplets running.
So what we're going to do is,
we're going to create two new droplets.
Here you have a create button on the right top,
and I'm going to choose for droplets, create cloud servers.
And then here you can use one of the distributions
that are supported by kubeadm.
Either ubuntu, the LDS version,
this one has long-term support,
or one of the newer ones,
I'm going to use the LTS version,
or a Fedora which is also supported,
which is a Red Hat based solution.
Debian, CentOS, or even CoreOS the container Linux
that you can use is a new one
that's also supported by kubeadm.
I'm going to keep it simple and I'm going
to use ubuntu, the LTS version.
2GB of ram, two times,
you can use this one, or either this one,
which gives you more CPU,
which is handy for the master.
One CPU will also do, even just for demo purposes.
If you don't really want to scale something,
You'll probably need something bigger,
depending on the apps that you want apparent.
You can choose a data center.
I'm going to choose London,
but you can also choose one of the other ones.
You can add your SSH keys if you have SSH keys.
If you don't have SSH keys, then just don't add one.
And they will email the roots password.
Once you create a droplet you will get an email
with your root password.
If you used a safe key, then you
create a new safe key here, you'll upload your public key.
And then you use your private key to log in.
So depending whether you have a safe keys or not,
you can use this or not.
I'll be using it, cause it's easier.
How many droplets do you want?
Two.
Give it a host name.
I will call it kubernetes monster.
And kubernetes node zero one.
I'll add a tag, I'll call it kubernetes cluster.
That's gonna be easier later on to then add a firewall.
Because even though you use public IP addresses,
which are all here in this case,
then we also need a firewall.
Going to click create.
And now those two will be creating.
Then while these are creating I'm gonna go to networking.
Firewalls, create a firewall.
I'm gonna call it kubernetes cluster.
And I only want to allow my IP address
to be accessible using SSH.
And I will add a new rule for cluster traffic.
So All TCP.
Is gonna be kubernetes cluster.
So everything that comes from the kubernetes cluster.
All TCP and All UDP will be accepted.
(typing)
And SSH,
lets,
lets also set this to All TCP.
It is gonna be my IP address.
So what is my IP address?
ifconfig.co will tell you what your IP address is.
My IP address is this one.
So we're gonna add this in as well.
So give me access to the cluster.
Outbound we're not gonna specify.
Why I just do everything that is
with that kubernetes cluster.
Create a firewall.
And then we have two droplets, six rules,
and I just create this now.
Back to the dashboard we see now.
The kubernetes monster is up.
Our kubernetes node is up.
So we can SSH to those IP addresses.
And install the cluster.